Add > Steampipe Cloud > Integrations Doc > DBeaver (#60)
turbot/steampipe-docs: docs/cloud/integrations/dbeaver.md

Steampipe provides a single interface to all your cloud, code, logs and more. Because it's built on Postgres, Steampipe provides an endpoint that any Postgres-compatible client -- including DBeaver -- can connect to.

The [Connect](/docs/cloud/integrations/overview) tab for your workspace provides the details you need to connect DBeaver to Steampipe Cloud.

<div style={{"marginTop":"1em", "marginBottom":"1em", "width":"90%"}}>
<img src="/images/docs/cloud/steampipe-cloud-connect-details.jpg" />
</div>

Once the connection to Steampipe cloud is established and tested, you can access the tables provided by the Steampipe plugins, run queries and build reports.

You can also connect DBeaver to [Steampipe CLI](https://steampipe.io/downloads). To do that, run `steampipe service start --show-password` and use the displayed connection details.

```
Steampipe service is running:

Database:

  Host(s):            localhost, 127.0.0.1, 192.168.29.204
  Port:               9193
  Database:           steampipe
  User:               steampipe
  Password:           99**_****_**8c
  Connection string:  postgres://steampipe:99**_****_**8c@localhost:9193/steampipe
  ```

## Getting started

> [DBeaver](https://dbeaver.io/download/) Community is open source and free to use on the desktop, while the PRO version can be purchased. In this example we will create a Steampipe Cloud connection with DBeaver and query the AWS S3 buckets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DBeaver](https://dbeaver.io/download/) Community is open source and free to use on the desktop, while the pro version can be purchased. In this example we will create a Steampipe Cloud connection with DBeaver and query the AWS S3 buckets.
```

Author: Rectified

To establish a new connection click on `New Database Connection`, select PostgreSQL and click `Next`. If prompted, Click `Download Drivers` to update the missing drivers required to interact with the database. Enter the Steampipe Cloud connection details and click `Test Connection` to verify.

<div style={{"marginTop":"1em", "marginBottom":"1em", "width":"90%"}}>
<img src="/images/docs/cloud/dbeaver-connection-success.png" />
</div>

Once you've connected to Steampipe Cloud, you can access the AWS plugin and its tables from the Database navigator.

<div style={{"marginTop":"1em", "marginBottom":"1em", "width":"50%"}}>
<img src="/images/docs/cloud/dbeaver-database-navigator.png" />
</div>

Here we select the `aws_s3_bucket` table. DBeaver displays the table's schema and previews the returned data. You can drag the columns to re-arrange the data and also export it to a wide range of formats like CSV, JSON, SQL, TXT, XML, etc.

<div style={{"marginTop":"1em", "marginBottom":"1em", "width":"90%"}}>
<img src="/images/docs/cloud/dbeaver-bucket-query-result.png" />
</div>

## Run your first custom query

> DBeaver comes equipped with a SQL query editor that you may use to write a custom query. For example, we can use this query in the editor to fetch the list of AWS EC2 instance types available in us-east-1 region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DBeaver provides a SQL query editor that you may use to write a custom query. For example, we can use this query in the editor to fetch the list of AWS EC2 instance types available in us-east-1 region.
```

Author: Rectified
